Hello.
Miss Black, we're transferring your sister from the special room to the regular room.
What? Why?
Dr. Fang, are you transferring my sister?
She's not getting any better and I already paid for the special room.
We don't know when she'll wake up, Miss Black.
Keeping her in the special room definitely is a waste of resources.
You can't make her medical decisions without my permission.
You know, I'm going to report you.
What is all of this noise?
Is there a problem?
Miss Williams, what are you doing here?
Oh, it's Harrison's little assistant.
Where are you here?
I'm visiting my sister. I didn't expect to see you here.
Wait, your family member is in the special ward, isn't she?
That isn't none of your concern.
You can't move my sister for your convenience.
Dr. Fang, I thought this hospital had standards.
If you're letting just anyone occupy these special rooms, I'll have to reconsider my investment next quarter.
We'll rectify the situation immediately, Miss Williams.
Miss Black, we'll refund the remaining medical bills.
Please transfer your sister to another hospital as soon as possible.